add doc for options (#91)
dwrtc/dwrtc: README.md

Connect to `localhost:PORT1` for node1 and `localhost:PORT2` for node2 via a web browser.

## Options

Options are loaded using [Konfig](https://github.com/npryce/konfig). The priorities are:

1. Command Line Properties overrides
2. Environment Variables overrides
3. Property file `defaults.properties`

> Konfig supports two syntaxes. "dot"-syntax (`http.port`) for Command Line and Property File, and "underscore"-syntax for Environment variables. The two options are shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the "dot"-syntax (`http.port`) for command line and property file, and "underscore"-syntax for environment variables (`HTTP_PORT`).
```
